st1 [1790][ADD] website_sale_terms_require_login (#149)
qrtl/rpl-custom: website_terms_login_required/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module does the following:

> * This module restricts the access of guest user to the website "Terms and Conditions of Use" pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This module restricts the access of guest user to the website "Terms and Conditions" page.
```
